# CPP-Universe
The new universe to explore various possibilities of impossibilities. The new to the newness with the pinch of old nostalgic sense created to give hope to every budding enthusiast irrespective of the field to pursue its passion along with the responsibilities or duties and also have a little life inside routine.

Apart from talking about the inspiration behind the creation of this universe, let's talk about the significance of the name. I, being a software engineer from some years always felt a magnetic pull towards the expression/language which introduced me to this wondourous and beautiful world of programming. But being a developer for the sense of monetary benefit hurt me as I am not being able to fully justify and express the gratitude and passsion towards this art. The artist inside me is yearning to be turned into a beast but being a result oriented person always made me compromise the goals and quality I always wanted to achieve or have in my personality or in my being. 

The universe is itself a code written with some rules and instructions which make it imperfectly perfect in its own sense. So, in order to feel that attachment or oneness with the universe i want to start a journey towards better me which would likely to satisfy me and hold me accountable for something I have started.

So without further adieu, I initialise this repo with initial creational words which would lead to greatness someday and I would look back on this day and would be glad that I started this beautiful universe. This repo is solely for my personal growth and benefit but I somehow would love to have other people around who are or want to start a journey towards their soul's call or are already on the journey and would love to help and inspire. This is a public repo for a reason and anyone who liked the idea and would love to help out and learn as well are most welcome. I don't really know how more could I express myself after a sleepless night giving surges of emotional and spiritual energies to start something I love and go on a journey for which I don't have a destination but the progress is daily's destination so everyday is something nice and beautiful.
